version 1.4:
the shutdown support could have some problem due to this fact: some batteries
when are running low just jump from (i.e.) 5% to 0% (my battery does this).
And so, if you have set the auto shutdown when battery is at (i.e.) 3%, wmlaptop
wont never shutdown the system.. 

version 1.3:
maybe APM support has been improved. I would like to recieve comments by
apm'users on it. Cpu goes in paradisiac mode even when wmlaptop starts at
100%


version 1.2:
the "floating point exception" is now handled, but unfortunately the behaviour
is not properly fixed, just patched: the division by zero is not performed
anymore, to disadvantage of estimated time: this will be set to 0
the bug which shows a wrong percentage when more batteries are plugged in has
been solved by Daniel Winkler


the version 1.1 is released without lot of tests: this means that there could
be some bug here in there :P. An isolated undocument bug has been reported
from a user of 1.01, which tell us that he recieve an "floating point exception"
signal which kill the application. We are not sure to have resolve this bug with
the 1.1 version.


We ask you to send to the authors the report of every bug you found, and if the
message of exit is one of the system message (like "segmentation fault" or
"floating point exception", we ask you to send the core.dump file too please. To
enable the core.dump creation, you have to type "ulimit -c unlimited" before
starting the application )

Before submitting any bugs, please remember to check you are using the last
version of wmlaptop (downloadable here -> wmlaptop.sourceforge.net), and 
remember this:

to use wmlaptop frequency scaling with /sys/ directory, you have to enable
the "userspace governor" in the kernel configuration.

the use of wmlaptop with cpufreqd is known to give some problems.. please don't
use both at the same time.


Thanks in advance to every bug reporters
and thanks to:
Adrian Robert
Bernd Pommerehne
Daniel Winkler
James Woodard
for their contribute.
